information-schema: add client errors docs (#5062)
pingcap/docs: information-schema/client-errors-summary-by-host.md

---
title: CLIENT_ERRORS_SUMMARY_BY_HOST
summary: Learn about the `CLIENT_ERRORS_SUMMARY_BY_HOST` information_schema table.
---

# CLIENT_ERROR_SUMMARY_BY_HOST

> The table `CLIENT_ERRORS_SUMMARY_BY_HOST` provides a summary of SQL errors and warnings that have been returned to clients, _or_ applications that connect to a TiDB server. These include:

Author: I think this changes the meaning. I will reword.

* Malformed SQL statements.
* Division by zero errors.

> * Attempting to insert out-of-range or duplicate key values.

Reviewer: Let's use the noun structure for every item in the list.
```suggestion
* The attempt to insert out-of-range or duplicate key values.
```

> * Attempting to insert out-of-range of duplicate key values.

Author: It should read: Attempting to insert out-of-range *or*, thanks!

* Permission errors.

> * A table does not exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A table that does not exist.
```
